# rkw_basics
## 1. Features
__Detailed description coming soon...__

## 1.1 Fallback for missing assets
Especially when sharing content in social media it can be annoying if a change in the image calculation for the social media thumbnails (og:image) leads to the fact that due to a changed ShortMD5 in the filenames generated by TYPO3, the images of older social media articles can no longer be found.

This can be solved with the `Assets`-Action in the `NotFound`-Controller which searches for similar files and redirects to them.
The feature can be activated by adding the following lines to your `.htaccess`-file:
```
### Begin: Adding rewrite for missing asset files (e.g. og:image) ###
<IfModule mod_rewrite.c>
    RewriteEngine On
    RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
    RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-d
    RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-l
    RewriteRule ^(typo3temp/assets/images/((csm_.+)\.(gif|png|jpg|jpeg)))$ http://%{HTTP_HOST}/index.php?type=1605802513&file=$2 [R=301,NC,L]
</IfModule>
### End: Adding rewrite for missing asset files (e.g. og:image) ###
```
**Attention: It may be necessary to change the protocol to https.**

## 1.6 MetaTags & Robot-Instructions
This extension comes along with a library for meta-descriptions and allows settings for robot-rules in the page properties.

Usage via TypoScript:
```
page {

    meta >
    headerData {
        50 =< lib.txRkwBasics.metaTags
    }
}
```

# 2. Breaking Changes
### In version >= 8.7.20
* __Moved field tx_rkwbasics_teaser_image to resources-tab in page properties.__
Please adapt your permission settings in BE accordingly.

* __Removed field tx_rkwbasics_teaser_text.__
Use the UpdateWizard via InstallTool to migrate existing contents to the abstract field.

* __Removed field tx_rkwbasics_article_video.__
Use the UpdateWizard via InstallTool to migrate existing contents to the media field.
Linked YouTube links will be automatically migrated to ResourceFiles.

* __Removed field tx_rkwbasics_infomation.__
This field is removed without replacement.

# 3. Update to v9.5
* Do this via database:
```
UPDATE TABLE pages SET tx_accelerator_proxy_caching = tx_rkwbasics_proxy_caching;
```
